PlayerPosition
3 1
Layout
Assets/Level2.txt
Assets/Level4.txt
Assets/Level3.txt
7 5
E1 XFT1 E1 E1 E1 
XLT1 T1 T1 T1 T1 
T1 T1 T1 T1 T1 
T1 T1 T1 T1 T1 
T1 T1 T1 T1 T1 
T1 T1 T1 T1 T1 
T1 T1 PT1 T1 T1 

Objects
28
halfWall 0 2.5 Empty Null 
halfWall 1 2.5 Empty Null 
halfWall 0 4 Empty Null 
halfWall 1 4 Empty Null 
halfWall 0 5.5 Empty Null 
halfWall 1 5.5 Empty Null 
halfWall 3 2.5 Empty Null 
halfWall 4 2.5 Empty Null 
halfWall 3 4 Empty Null 
halfWall 4 4 Empty Null 
halfWall 3 5.5 Empty Null 
halfWall 4 5.5 Empty Null 
halfWall 2 1 empty Null 
gate 2 1 empty upTimer 
gate 2 3 empty upTimer 
gate 3 1 empty upTimer 
gate 3 3 empty upTimer 
boat 4 1 empty NULL 
Button 0 4.75 P upReset 
Button 4.25 3.25 P upReset 
Spike 2 2.5 P upReset 
Button 0 3.25 Y upReset 
Button 4.25 4.75 Y upReset 
Spike 2 2.75 Y upReset 
Button 3.5 3.25 B upReset 
Spike 1.5 1.5 B upReset 
Button 0.75 4.75 G upReset 
Spike 2.75 1.5 G upReset 
